Hi, my name is Shannon Pileggi, and here are three reasons why you should take the What
They Forgot to Teach You About R project-oriented workflows with Git and GitHub workshop.
Number one, I'm really excited to co-lead this workshop with David for the second year
in a row.
David is a solutions engineer at Posit, and I'm a lead data scientist with the Prostate
Cancer Clinical Trials Consortium.
David and I work really well together, and we learn from each other.
Our diverse perspectives really benefit the participants in this course.
Number two, the spirit of the What They Forgot to Teach You About R workshop are strategies
to improve the quality of your R life via project workflows and version control with
Git and GitHub.
These are paradigms that you can benefit from no matter what stage you are in in your career.
Lastly, the What They Forgot to Teach You About R content is solid.
This workshop has actually been instructed since 2018, so the course content has a really
strong foundation that's assessed every year to be updated for new developments.
So I really hope you can join us at Posit Conf.
Hi, I'm David Alja.
I'm a solutions engineer at Posit.
Sometimes I describe that as a role focused on helping data scientists get their ideas
into production.
But in practice, what that means is that a lot of the time I'm focused on the parts of
working with R that aren't about writing R code, but more about what it looks like to
manage it, to share it, and to help it answer questions for lots of different user groups.
So the reason I think you should take What They Forgot to Teach You About R is because
I think it helps, it's an opportunity to help you learn some of the software engineering
fundamentals that aren't really going to come up in other kinds of R-focused programming
classes.
I know that when I started learning R programming, I was very much focused on how do I extract
the data from this HTML table, and not as focused on questions like what is it going
to look like to work on this project again in another year, or what's it going to look
like to collaborate with this project with someone else.
And I think that What They Forgot is an excellent venue for learning that kind of thing, so
I hope to see you there.